what happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
 - When we intialize a repository, it contain the snapshot of the directory.
   It has a hidden folder called ".git" which has the config detail of the
   repo and the overall versioning information. If we do not intialize a
   repository, git will never being used for that directory.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repositoy?
What value do you think it offers?
 - Staging area is the middle place between the working directory and
   repository. This is the place where changes are saved once we add any files
   with "git add" command. When the files are in staging area we can do any
   experimental changes and if sure about the change commit to the
   repository. And if not discard those changes.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
 - Staging area allows us to add many files under one commit. So whenever we
   are confidant about all the changes represent one logical change, we can
   finaly commit that.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?
 - 1. Each branch may represent a feature on particular project.
   2. Doing any experimental change and if not working we can delete that
   branch.
   3. Multiple people working on multiple feature of the same repository. Finaly 
   merge into master incase of succesful run.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
 - Diagram shows overall branch structure which helps to visualize any parent-
   child relationship and also the reachability concept from one commit to
   another commit. 

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
 - Merging two branches combines whatever changes has been done on each branch.
   Drwaing this way reprents then to be appear as they are now single node with
   same parent.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
 - Git automatic merge saves time and helps to notify if any conflict happens
   in merge.
   Doing it manually may bring more understaning as programmer know what
   chnages been done or causing conflict, but may need more time to do that.
